README.md, before:

# 🤖 Robot Scouter — FIRST Robot Scouting 📋 made simple and collaborative [![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/SUPERCILEX/Robot-Scouter/master.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/SUPERCILEX/Robot-Scouter)

<a href='https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.supercilex.robotscouter&utm_source=https://github.com/SUPERCILEX/Robot-Scouter/'>
    <img alt='Get it on Google Play' src='https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/images/generic/en_badge_web_generic.png' width="270" height="100"/>
</a>

Robot Scouter is an open-source Android app that makes FRC and other FIRST competition robot
scouting simple and collaborative.

![Robot Scouter demo](demo.gif)

## Features

  - **Full offline support** 📡
  - **No setup required e.g. no databases** 🗄️ (managing databases = 💩)
  - Easy sharing between users 🔗
  - Seamless collaboration: multiple people can scout the same team, different teams, or go solo on
 Android N and use split screen mode to scout several teams at once.
  - **Customizable scouting templates** 📃 with several different metrics to choose from:
    - header/title 🔖
    - true/false (checkbox)
    - stopwatch (for keeping track of cycle time) ⏱️
    - number (counter)
    - list (item selector)
    - text (notes) 📜
  - **Integration with [The Blue Alliance](https://www.thebluealliance.com)** to automatically populate relevant team info
  - **Highly advanced spreadsheet exporting**:
    - Averages are computed for each team automatically
    - An average sheet is included to compare teams against each other in a global view 📊
    - Fancy formatting on devices with Android Lollipop (21) and above 🎀
    - **Charts!** 📈
  - And more!

## Contributing

Want to add features, fix bugs, or just poke around the code? No problem! Just make sure to read
the [contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) before getting in too deep.

### Learning 📚
 - Get familiar with [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com) to understand the core technologies behind Robot Scouter
 - Take careful note of the [Firebase Realtime Database](https://firebase.google.com/docs/database/)
 and [Firebase-UI](https://github.com/firebase/FirebaseUI-Android)

## Environment setup 💻

1. [Move the dummy files](setup.sh#L13-L17) into position
1. If you are working with the database or need access to other Firebase technologies,
[create your own Firebase project](https://firebase.google.com/docs/android/setup#manually_add_firebase)
and replace the dummy [google-services.json](travis-dummies/google-services.json)
with the one created in your Firebase project
1. Run `./gradlew check` to make sure the Travis build will pass
1. That's it! :rocket:

## Psst... 🤐

If you want to get the latest build from master, you can join the
[alpha testers community](https://plus.google.com/communities/111840458526472018249)
and the [beta](https://play.google.com/apps/testing/com.supercilex.robotscouter).

Commit message:

Significantly improve debug build time
Signed-off-by: Alex Saveau <saveau.alexandre@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# 🤖 Robot Scouter — FIRST Robot Scouting 📋 made simple and collaborative [![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/SUPERCILEX/Robot-Scouter/master.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/SUPERCILEX/Robot-Scouter)

<a href='https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.supercilex.robotscouter&utm_source=https://github.com/SUPERCILEX/Robot-Scouter/'>
    <img alt='Get it on Google Play' src='https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/images/generic/en_badge_web_generic.png' width="270" height="100"/>
</a>

Robot Scouter is an open-source Android app that makes FRC and other FIRST competition robot
scouting simple and collaborative.

![Robot Scouter demo](demo.gif)

## Features

  - **Full offline support** 📡
  - **No setup required e.g. no databases** 🗄️ (managing databases = 💩)
  - Easy sharing between users 🔗
  - Seamless collaboration: multiple people can scout the same team, different teams, or go solo on
 Android N and use split screen mode to scout several teams at once.
  - **Customizable scouting templates** 📃 with several different metrics to choose from:
    - header/title 🔖
    - true/false (checkbox)
    - stopwatch (for keeping track of cycle time) ⏱️
    - number (counter)
    - list (item selector)
    - text (notes) 📜
  - **Integration with [The Blue Alliance](https://www.thebluealliance.com)** to automatically populate relevant team info
  - **Highly advanced spreadsheet exporting**:
    - Averages are computed for each team automatically
    - An average sheet is included to compare teams against each other in a global view 📊
    - Fancy formatting on devices with Android Lollipop (21) and above 🎀
    - **Charts!** 📈
  - And more!

## Contributing

Want to add features, fix bugs, or just poke around the code? No problem! Just make sure to read
the [contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) before getting in too deep.

### Learning 📚
 - Get familiar with [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com) to understand the core technologies behind Robot Scouter
 - Take careful note of the [Firebase Realtime Database](https://firebase.google.com/docs/database/)
 and [Firebase-UI](https://github.com/firebase/FirebaseUI-Android)

## Environment setup 💻

1. [Move the dummy files](setup.sh#L13-L17) into position
1. If you are working with the database or need access to other Firebase technologies,
[create your own Firebase project](https://firebase.google.com/docs/android/setup#manually_add_firebase)
and replace the dummy [google-services.json](travis-dummies/google-services.json)
with the one created in your Firebase project
1. Run `./gradlew check` to make sure the Travis build will pass
1. That's it! :rocket:

**Note:** to improve build performance, pass in the `devBuild` flag to Gradle by searching for
`Gradle-Android Compiler` in Intellij and adding `-PdevBuild` to the CLI options.

## Psst... 🤐

If you want to get the latest build from master, you can join the
[alpha testers community](https://plus.google.com/communities/111840458526472018249)
and the [beta](https://play.google.com/apps/testing/com.supercilex.robotscouter).
